seven of my 11 kids we're being cornered
by a parent club studio cost fifty
thousand dollars charged with child
endangerment of a vicious bowl of cereal
my trial is later today you never can be
your drop might go to jail my prisoner I
love to cook treat this is tasty but
it's also cleared good food we will die
hello welcome to episode 3 of my new
cooking webseries cooking delicious
treats with Brendan i'm your host in my
name is brenda no hair get out that fine
china because i'm ever sit at your table
and cook food before we begin I
shouldn't mention what's happened to me
late past three days have been in prison
because i forgot to attend my child
endangerment tribe prison was fun
sometimes but not all times meaner
prisoners but sometimes gang up on me
and your prison free apnea mocking my
cootie web series i also got this
haircut it's a new haircut and it to
prove the prison did not turn me into a
bad boy looks good yeah okay i'm gonna
spy known as you probably remember from
last week my son Michael means in you
back I don't have the money and I really
need your help so my fellow prisoners
got together and raced about thirty
thousand dollars it's not nearly enough
so please give to the email address
below also the donation jars gotten over
five thousand dollars so not bad for an
idea that he said wouldn't work this
week is very important me and my wife
got her kids taken away by the state
because of her penchant for being
prisoners their loss is really tragic
and I don't like but it brings me back
to why I started this out in the
first place to deal with their loss so
today I'm making a very special dish
that I learned long prison it's a dish
called prison wife here's how it's made
your 11 kids got taken a first you
distract the warden by telling him
something bad is happening and he needs
to stop it then you break into his
office and steal wine next you hide it
in a toilet then threaten anyone who
thinks about squealing on you finally
you play done with the guards and blame
it on one of the less behaved prisoners
for it couldn't be you you're new here
whew that's that's good tomato what
about your kid coming through good and
Daniel something they're cooking yeah
that's not a solution what am I supposed
to do that you know the state put them
in an undisclosed location until I prove
myself worthy of being a day um well my
child a new trial and got rescheduled to
3pm tomorrow so you're not going to be
that hopefully and my case hopefully
raising money for my son my keys to back
will also help my case speaking of money
we allow an advertiser to show a
commercial on our program today help us
make some bucks here it is are you
looking for a cooking show that is good
and not bad hi my name is Daniel and on
my show i teach you how to make food
without the personal food papa like
other I've never been arrested
block my show of faith and good food
items with Daniel coming to YouTube city
show's over show's over besides fun to
help come back next week for another
episode quick delicious treats with
Brendan I'm your host and my name is
Fernando hair engineer let me see them
hands baby hey thought my wicked
straddle tomorrow at the town cop you
schmuck from the studio cop he never
paid your rent oh my god
it could be for Michaels back get out we
show them this whole thing down I just
cross the viewers another week in we're
going to go hope now that problem i have
to close down now scram and beat it sick